Add all metrics docs (#1856)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/metrics/fid/index.md

updated: 2019-11-07
description: |
  This post introduces the First Input Delay (FID) metric and explains
  how to measure it
tags:
  - performance
  - metrics
---

{% Aside %}
  First Input Delay (FID) is an important, user-centric metric for measuring
  [load responsiveness](/user-centric-performance-metrics/#types-of-metrics)
  because it quantifies the experience users feel when trying to interact with
  unresponsive pages&mdash;a low FID helps ensure that the page is
  [usable](/user-centric-performance-metrics/#questions).
{% endAside %}

We all know how important it is to make a good first impression. It's important
when meeting new people, and it's also important when building experiences on
the web.

On the web, a good first impression can make the difference between someone
becoming a loyal user or them leaving and never coming back. The question is,
what makes for a good impression, and how do you measure what kind of impression
you're likely making on your users?

On the web, first impressions can take a lot of different forms&mdash;we have first
impressions of a site's design and visual appeal as well as first impressions of
its speed and responsiveness.

> While measuring how much users like a site's design is hard to do with web APIs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it is hard to measure how much users like a site's design with web APIs,
```

Author: Good suggestion. Thanks!
